In this video, we're going to go into our post application and update all the requests that we're making
over to our event bus to use the name of the event bus service.
Well, then do the same thing with the event bus.
So we'll open up the event bus code.
And any time we try to make a request over to our post service or the post application, we'll make
sure we update that URL as well.
Now, as you can guess, we are going to start to add in eventually some new pods for our comment stuff
for moderation and query.
Those are all going to need some services to be created as well.
And we're going to need to make sure that for each of those services, we update all the appropriate
URLs inside of our code base, too.
So eventually we're going to have to update a lot of URLs.
But right now, let's just focus on posts and event bus and just get those two things working.
All right.
So inside of our code editor, we're going to find our post application once again and find the indexed
file.
So here's where we are making a post request to slash posts or we have the handler for it.
And this is where we reach out to our event bus.
So no longer are we going to make a request to local host.
Instead, we make a request to the service that is governing access to the event bus.
So it will be event bus service.
And it's absolutely always worth when you type in one of these service names inside of your code, always
worth going over to your terminal doing a quick it'll get services and just double checking the spelling.
And also double checking the port as well.
So event bus XV at Port 4005.
Does it line up?
Yes, it does.
I'll then continue down and see if there are any other requests being issued in here to our event bus.
Nope.
Don't think there are.
So I'll save this file and close it.
I'll then go over to my event.
Plus, I'll open up the index file inside there as well.
This is where we are making our series of requests to all the different sub or micro services we have
inside of our app.
So at present we don't have any implementation or comments, moderation or query.
So I'm just going to temporarily comment those out.
We'll come back and uncomment them very shortly as we start to bring the comments, moderation and query
microservices live inside of our cluster.
But for right now, if we tried to make requests to those endpoints, we would end up with an error.
Probably not what we want.
So we'll just leave behind the request to our posts.
Microservice.
I'm going to find local hosts right there.
We no longer want to make a request to local host.
Instead, we want to make requests to post cluster IP survey because that's how we get access to the
post spot.
Once again, I'll go to my terminal, do a CTL, get services and just verify the name.
Yep.
Posts Cluster IP XB at port 4000.
So posts bluster.
IP CRV still at port 4000.
Cool.
So I'll save this as well.
So we've now made changes to two of our microservices and we need to somehow now deploy those.
We spoke about how we update deployments just a little bit ago.
So as a quick reminder, see, where's our diagram for it?
Somewhere.
Here it is right here.
So we've made an update to our code.
If we want to deploy that, we're going to rebuild the image or our event bus and four posts will then
push those images to Docker Hub and then run the command queue, CTL, blah blah blah with the deployment
name.
So we've updated our code.
Let's go and rebuild both those images.
Again at my terminal.
I'll change back into my.
Event bus directory.
And do a Docker build.
Dash TX Stephen Grider Event Dash Bus Dot.
Don't forget the dot at the end.
There's that.
I'll push that image.
The Docker push.
Event bus.
That'll take just a minute or two.
Or maybe it'll be really quick.
Let's see how long it takes.
Very good.
So I'll go and do the same thing for post as well.
They'll go up one directory, change into posts.
We'll do a Docker, build your Docker ID, slash posts and a dot at the very end.
Cool.
And a darker push.
Her posts.
Cool.
All right.
So now to make sure that we update both of our deployments, we'll do the CTL rollout, restart deployment
or our post deployment and the event plus deployment as well.
If we forget the name of those deployments, we can always do a queue.
It'll get deployments.
So there's the name of the two deployments that we need to restart.
So let's do the post 1/1.
So we'll do a little rollout restart deployment.
Those double.
CTL Rollout Restart Event Bus Depot.
Oh.
Restart deployment.
There we go.
I'll then list out all my pods and make sure that they both just got restarted.
So a little get pods.
Oh, this is interesting.
You'll notice that I ran this command quickly enough to see the old pod that was being executed for
the event, plus deployment.
It's now being terminated and is being replaced with this brand new one because we are trying to replace
or restart or I should say yes, replace the pod that was already running.
I'll do another get pod's.
It looks like that other one has now been fully terminated.
And we've now got just these two pots.
Well, the last thing we need to do is a quick test.
So we're going to open up postmen.
We're going to try to manually create a post by issuing a post request to our post service or the post
microservice.
And then we'll make sure that the event bus and posts are somehow in communication by viewing their
logs and making sure that they are exchanging some events.
This video is running a little bit long, however, so let's take care of that little test in just a
moment.